# CPS_842_Project
CPS 842 Project
1. Continue with assignments 1 and 2. You need to use the CACM collection again. This time you will use the information from the citation field (.X). Write a program to implement the PageRank algorithm. The input is the file with the citation information from the CACM collection. The output is the file with PageRank scores for all documents in CACM. The damping factor (the probability to follow a random link) could be either fixed in the program or taken as an input parameter. A common value is 0.85. You can use the Power Iteration method to implement the algorithm. Other implementation is also allowed. Modify the search program from assignment 2. Now the ranking is based on not only the vector space model, but also the PageRank score. Use the linear combination to combine the cosine similary score with the PageRank score as following: score(d, q) = w1*cos-score(d, q) + w2*pagerank(d) where w1+w2=1. Note that w1 and w2 should be set as input parameters. If the PageRank score is too low, you could normalize it first before combining it with the cosine similarity score. Run eval program from assignment 2, repeat step 4 in assignment 2 with the new search program, and get the new result. The w1, w2 values you need to test will be: (0.5, 0.5), (0.7, 0.3).

Note: You might need to rewrite your invert program from assignment 1 in order to extract the links between the documents. For the citation field (.X), each line has three numbers (for the full meaning of these numbers, you can refer to cite.info), and you only need to keep the lines with the middle number equal to 5. 
